filetype:xml inurl:admin
filetype:xml inurl:database
filetype:xml inurl:password
filetype:xml inurl:root
filetype:xml inurl:wp-content
filetype:xml inurl:wp-admin
filetype:xml inurl:config
filetype:xml inurl:config.inc
filetype:xml inurl:configuration
filetype:xml inurl:wp-config
filetype:xml inurl:app_config
filetype:xml inurl:database_config
filetype:xml inurl:settings
filetype:xml inurl:settings.inc
filetype:xml inurl:settings.ini
filetype:xml inurl:settings.cfg
filetype:xml inurl:settings.config
filetype:xml inurl:settings.xml
filetype:xml inurl:parameters
filetype:xml inurl:parameters.ini
filetype:xml inurl:parameters.cfg
filetype:xml inurl:parameters.config
filetype:xml inurl:parameters.xml
filetype:xml inurl:parameters.inc
filetype:xml inurl:connections
filetype:xml inurl:connections.ini
filetype:xml inurl:connections.cfg
filetype:xml inurl:connections.config
filetype:xml inurl:connections.xml
filetype:xml inurl:connections.inc
filetype:xml inurl:credentials
filetype:xml inurl:credentials.ini
filetype:xml inurl:credentials.cfg
filetype:xml inurl:credentials.config
filetype:xml inurl:credentials.xml
filetype:xml inurl:credentials.inc
filetype:xml inurl:db
filetype:xml inurl:db.inc
filetype:xml inurl:db.ini
filetype:xml inurl:db.cfg
filetype:xml inurl:db.config
filetype:xml inurl:db.xml
filetype:xml inurl:db_credentials
filetype:xml inurl:db_credentials.inc
filetype:xml inurl:db_credentials.ini
filetype:xml inurl:db_credentials.cfg
filetype:xml inurl:db_credentials.config
filetype:xml inurl:db_credentials.xml
filetype:xml inurl:credentials.xml
filetype:xml inurl:credentials.inc